Add a support for standard SSL configurations, proxy and basic auth configs. (#47)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-avro: docs/index.asciidoc

| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-proxy>> |<<uri,uri>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-schema_uri>> |<<string,string>>|Yes
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate>> |<<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate_authorities>> |list of <<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_cipher_suites>> |<<array,array>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_enabled>> |<<boolean,boolean>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_key>> |<<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_password>> |<<password,password>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>> |<<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_type>> |<<string,string>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_supported_protocols>> |<<array,array>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_password>> |<<password,password>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>> |<<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_type>> |<<string,string>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_verification_mode>> |<<string,string>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-tag_on_failure>> |<<boolean,boolean>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-target>> |<<string,string>>|No

> | <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-username>> |<<string,string>>|No

Author: Identical with es-output plugin SSL options: https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/logstash/plugins/plugins-outputs-elasticsearch#plugins-outputs-elasticsearch-options

Set this option to `binary` to indicate that this codec sends or expects to receive binary Avro data.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-password"]
===== `password`

* Value type is <<password,password>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Password for HTTP basic authentication when fetching the schema from a remote server.

> Must be used in combination with the `username` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Password for HTTP basic authentication when fetching remote schemas.
Used together with `username`.
```

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-proxy"]
===== `proxy`

* Value type is <<uri,uri>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

> Proxy server URL for schema registry connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The address of a forward HTTP proxy to use when contacting a remote schema registry.
```

tag events with `_avroparsefailure` when decode fails

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate"]
===== `ssl_certificate`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Path to PEM encoded certificate file for client authentication (mutual TLS).
You may use this setting or <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>>, but not both simultaneously.

*Example*
[source,ruby]
----------------------------------
ssl_certificate => "/path/to/client.crt"
----------------------------------

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate_authorities"]
===== `ssl_certificate_authorities`

* Value type is a list of <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Path to PEM encoded CA certificate file(s) for server verification.
This is an alternative to using <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>.

> You cannot use this setting and <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>> at the same time.

Reviewer: You may use this setting or <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>, but not both simultaneously.

> You cannot use this setting and <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>> at the same time.

Author: ```suggestion
You may use this setting or <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>, but not both simultaneously.
```

*Example*
[source,ruby]
----------------------------------
ssl_key => "/path/to/client.key"
----------------------------------

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_enabled"]
===== `ssl_enabled`

* Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Enable SSL/TLS secured communication to remote schema registry.
When using HTTPS schema URIs, SSL is automatically enabled.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path"]
===== `ssl_keystore_path`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The path to the JKS or PKCS12 keystore file for client certificate authentication.
Use this when the schema registry requires mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_password"]
===== `ssl_keystore_password`

* Value type is <<password,password>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The password for the keystore file specified in <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>>.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_type"]
===== `ssl_keystore_type`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

> The type of the keystore file. Can be either `JKS` or `PKCS12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the keystore file. It must be either `jks` or `pkcs12`.
```

List of allowed SSL/TLS protocol versions.
When not specified, the JVM defaults are used.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path"]
===== `ssl_truststore_path`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The path to the JKS or PKCS12 truststore file containing certificates to verify
the schema registry server's certificate.

*Example*
[source,ruby]
----------------------------------
input {
  kafka {
    codec => avro {
        schema_uri => "https://schema-registry.example.com:8081/schemas/ids/1"
        ssl_truststore_path => "/path/to/truststore.jks"
        ssl_truststore_password => "${TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD}"
    }
  }
}
----------------------------------

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_password"]
===== `ssl_truststore_password`

* Value type is <<password,password>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The password for the truststore file specified in <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_type"]
===== `ssl_truststore_type`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

> The format of the truststore file. It must be either `JKS` or `PKCS12`.

Author: ```suggestion
The format of the truststore file. It must be either `jks` or `pkcs12`.
```

tag events with `_avroparsefailure` when decode fails

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate"]
===== `ssl_certificate`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Path to PEM encoded certificate file for client authentication (mutual TLS).
This is an alternative to using <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>>.

> You cannot use this setting and <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>> at the same time.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
You may use this setting or <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>>, but not both simultaneously.
```

Reviewer: can you also update ssl_certificate_authorities and ssl_key?

Supported cipher suites vary depending on which version of Java is used.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_key"]
===== `ssl_key`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Path to PEM encoded private key file for client authentication.
Must be used together with <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate>>.
The private key must be unencrypted (passphrase-protected keys are not supported).

*Example*
[source,ruby]
----------------------------------
ssl_key => "/path/to/client.key"
----------------------------------

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_enabled"]
===== `ssl_enabled`

* Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Enable SSL/TLS secured communication to remote schema registry.
When using HTTPS schema URIs, SSL is automatically enabled.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path"]
===== `ssl_keystore_path`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The path to the JKS or PKCS12 keystore file for client certificate authentication.
Use this when the schema registry requires mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication.

> This setting is only used when `schema_uri` uses the `https://` scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

All ssl_* settings are only relevant when the URI uses "https://". I think it is too much verbose to mention that here.

Author: Agree!

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_password"]
===== `ssl_keystore_password`

* Value type is <<password,password>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The password for the keystore file specified in <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>>.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_type"]
===== `ssl_keystore_type`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The type of the keystore file. Can be either `JKS` or `PKCS12`.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_supported_protocols"]
===== `ssl_supported_protocols`

* Value type is <<array,array>>
* Default value is `[]` (uses Java defaults)
* Valid values are: `TLSv1.1`, `TLSv1.2`, `TLSv1.3`

List of allowed SSL/TLS protocol versions.
When not specified, the JVM defaults are used.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path"]
===== `ssl_truststore_path`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The path to the JKS or PKCS12 truststore file containing certificates to verify
the schema registry server's certificate.

> This setting is only used when `schema_uri` uses the `https://` scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

*Example*
[source,ruby]
----------------------------------
input {
  kafka {
    codec => avro {
        schema_uri => "https://schema-registry.example.com:8081/schemas/ids/1"
        ssl_truststore_path => "/path/to/truststore.jks"
        ssl_truststore_password => "${TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD}"
    }
  }
}
----------------------------------

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_password"]
===== `ssl_truststore_password`

* Value type is <<password,password>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

The password for the truststore file specified in <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_type"]
===== `ssl_truststore_type`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

> The type of the truststore file. Can be either `JKS` or `PKCS12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the truststore file. It must be either `JKS` or `PKCS12`.
```

  }
}
----------------------------------

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-username"]
===== `username`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Username for HTTP basic authentication when fetching the schema from a remote server.

> Must be used in combination with the `password` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Username for HTTP basic authentication when fetching remote schemas.
Used together with `password`.
```
